[Music]
hey guys I'm pixel Dan and this is a
review of the new 2014 Ninja Turtles
movie splinter that's right Master
Splinter sensei - the turtles gets a
brand new figure in this new movie line
up as you can see he comes on that new
movie blister card packaging featuring
those bright green colors and the new
Ninja Turtles movie logo right there
across the top we also get images of all
four movie turtles running down the side
of the box there the back gives us a
description of the story from the new
film and below that we get a look at
several figures currently available in
this new movie lineup alright so let's
go ahead and take a look at Master
Splinter outside of the packaging so the
rat known as splinter has had so many
different looks over the years he's
probably one of the few Ninja Turtles
characters that has changed his
appearance pretty drastically in almost
every rendition of the franchise he's
gone from being a brown rat to a gray
rat to a multicolored rat and just has
had many different looks so this here is
no exception but you look at him and he
still looks like splinter I mean he's a
overgrown rat wearing a robe looking
like he's ready to do some training
overall I really like the design of this
guy you can see it looks like he's back
to being a grand color but there was
some nice little paint work on there
that kind of gives him some pink in the
ears and even the top of his head I
really liked that paint variance that
way he's not just a solid color there's
definitely a little bit of shading in
different colors there that hope to
bring out some of the details I also
really like how his whiskers or kind of
sticking out of the side of his nose
like a long foo Manchu and he even has
the long kind of twisty beard coming off
of his chin it's a really cool look for
the character below that he's wearing
black and tan robes and they do have
this cool-looking little like turtle
insignia right there on the breast and
flipping around to the back side he's
got another Japanese symbol painted and
gold
you'll notice that the rat feet sticking
out of the bottom of the robes are
actually wearing little sandals there
and of course he's got his little rat
tail kind of curling around and it's
just kind of laying flat along with the
feet it's non poseable or flexible it's
just a solid sculpt he's also sporting
this little medallion type piece around
his neck it's a separate piece so it can
be removed it's just the solid black
plastic that's got that same little
turtle logo that's seen on the chest of
his robe makes me wonder if that little
symbols going to have some sort of a
plot point in the film so let's go ahead
and run down the articulation on Master
Splinter here the head can rotate left
and right but I kind of just Cox left
and right just like we saw with the
turtles he's got those ball like joints
of the shoulder so the arms can go
outwards forwards and backwards
he's got swivels at the elbows but no
actual elbow bends and then at the end
of the robes on the sleeves there you
can rotate the wrists all the way around
which is very nice he's got no other
articulation and the rest of his torso
or anything like that and then as legs
can really only kind of move forwards
and backwards a little bit it looks like
they're on the same type of hinge joint
so we've seen with the other figures but
the robe is rigid enough that it
drastically hinders the movement of the
legs so you're really not going to get
any extra poses out of them he's pretty
much only going to stand in that one
position now splinter stands right
around four and a half inches tall
making him the shortest of all the
figures in the new movie Ninja Turtles
lineup so you can see the turtles are
all a little bit taller than em and of
course April stands quite a bit taller
than him and shredder towers over him
but I really like that size I think it
plays in very well with this particular
character and just because he's small
doesn't mean he can't kick all of their
butts
while most splinter figures typically
come with a cane
this one does not instead he comes with
his own katana blade complete with a
sheath to put it in the sheath has done
a kind of a brown plastic and it's
actually got some nice sculpted detail
on there with lots of little Japanese
symbols and then the katana is just done
in a silver plastic but it's really cool
and you can actually get him to hold
that in his hand and even get some neat
poses where he's pulling the sword out
of the little sheets all right guys
it's comparison time here's a look at
Master Splinter standing alongside the
recent Nick Turtles version of the
character and here he is alongside his
past movie figure who's flocked and
since there have been so many different
splinter figures over the years here he
is standing alongside several of them
from many of the different Ninja Turtles
toy lines so there you go guys
there's a look at the brand-new movie
Master Splinter overall I really like
this one I think the design is actually
really cool on this guy he's got a
really nice paint job and while his
articulation isn't great that's pretty
much on par with what we've seen with
all of the past versions of Master
Splinter he still matches up really well
with the rest of the Turtles and it's
nice to have somebody to give them their
ninja training before they go out for
their battles with the shredder the new
2014 movie Ninja Turtles action figures
are already starting to hit retail
stores so happy hunting and until next
time
[Music]